backend/README.md, before:

## Backend Setup

### Prerequisites
Ensure you have the following installed:
- **Python 3.10** or later: [Download Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Create a .env file with the following MySQL configuration:
```
DATABASE_URL = "mysql+pymysql://{username}:{password}@localhost:{port}/job_management"
```
Replace {username} with your MySQL username, {password} with your MySQL password, and {port} with your MySQL port.


### Creating a Python Virtual Environment

1. **Create the virtual environment:**
   ```bash
   python -m venv backend-env
   ```

2. **Activate the virtual environment:**

   - **On Linux or macOS:**
     ```bash
     source backend-env/bin/activate
     ```
   - **On Windows:**
     ```bash
     .\backend-env\Scripts\activate
     ```

3. **Install the project dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Running the Application

**Command:**
```bash
cd backend
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```
Access the application at [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000).
Access the API documentation at [http://localhost:8000/docs](http://localhost:8000/docs)

### Running Tests
**Command:**
```bash
pytest
```


## Working with Docker

### Building the Docker Image
**Command:**
```bash
docker build -t {id}/{name} .
```
Replace `{id}` with your Docker ID and `{name}` with your desired image name. 

### Running the Docker Container
**Command:**
```bash
docker run -p 8000:80 {id}/{name}
```
Ensure to replace `{id}` with your Docker ID and `{name}` with the name of the image you built.
Access the application at [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000).

Commit message:

feat: introduce redis integration and datetime utilities
- Introduce Redis to reduce database loading.
- Add `redis_server.py` to handle Redis initialization, set, get, and delete functionality.
- Add `utils.py` for handling JSON serialization and deserialization of datetime objects using custom encoder and decoder.
- Inject Redis into router for improved data management, promoting low coupling and enhancing testability.
- Use `fakeredis` in the test environment to mock Redis for testing purposes.

backend/README.md, after:

### Backend Setup

#### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- **Python 3.10** or later: [Download Python](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
- **Docker**: [Download Docker](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)

#### MySQL Configuration

Create a `.env` file in your project root directory with the following MySQL configuration:

```env
DATABASE_URL = "mysql+pymysql://{username}:{password}@localhost:{port}/job_management"
```

Replace `{username}` with your MySQL username, `{password}` with your MySQL password, and `{port}` with your MySQL port (default is usually 3306).

#### Redis Docker Environment

To set up a Redis environment, run the following command:

```sh
docker run -d --name my-redis-container -p 6379:6379 redis
```

This command will:
- Download the Redis Docker image if it is not already present.
- Create and start a new container named `my-redis-container` running Redis.
- Map port `6379` on your host machine to port `6379` on the container, making Redis accessible on `localhost:6379`.



### Creating a Python Virtual Environment

1. **Create the virtual environment:**
   ```bash
   python -m venv backend-env
   ```

2. **Activate the virtual environment:**

   - **On Linux or macOS:**
     ```bash
     source backend-env/bin/activate
     ```
   - **On Windows:**
     ```bash
     .\backend-env\Scripts\activate
     ```

3. **Install the project dependencies:**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

### Running the Application

**Command:**
```bash
cd backend
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```
Access the application at [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000).
Access the API documentation at [http://localhost:8000/docs](http://localhost:8000/docs)

### Running Tests
**Command:**
```bash
pytest
```


## Working with Docker

### Building the Docker Image
**Command:**
```bash
docker build -t {id}/{name} .
```
Replace `{id}` with your Docker ID and `{name}` with your desired image name. 

### Running the Docker Container
**Command:**
```bash
docker run -p 8000:80 {id}/{name}
```
Ensure to replace `{id}` with your Docker ID and `{name}` with the name of the image you built.
Access the application at [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000).
